Replace Open RPC in footer and JSON-RPC doc, fix numerous links throu… (#3907)
MystenLabs/sui: doc/src/build/json-rpc.md

## Sui software development kits

> You may sign transactions and interact with the Sui network using the:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can sign transactions and interact with the Sui network using any of the following:
```

--data-raw '{ "jsonrpc":"2.0", "method":"rpc.discover","id":1}'
```

> You can see an example of the discovery service in the [Sui API Reference](https://docs.sui.io/sui-jsonrpc).

Reviewer: is it this topic?
https://docs.sui.io/devnet/build/json-rpc#rpcdiscover

Author: > is it this topic? https://docs.sui.io/devnet/build/json-rpc#rpcdiscover

That may well be going away. Leaving for @patrickkuo and myself to discuss.

Author: Removed.
